[trustar-150] Trustar v2 enhancements (#8487)
demisto/content: Packs/TruSTAR/ReleaseNotes/2_0_1.md

#### Integrations
##### TruSTAR v2

> Multiple optional parameters have been added to `trustar-search-indicators` and `trustar-search-reports` commands. This lets the user search indicators/reports using more filters.

Author: Done

> 
> #### Integrations
> ##### TruSTAR v2
>   - Arguments added
>     - Multiple optional arguments have been added to `trustar-search-indicators` and `trustar-search-reports` commands. This lets the user search indicators/reports using more filters.
>     - New optional argument `redact` on `trustar-submit-report` that gives users the possibility to redact a report before submission or not. By default the argument takes a 'NO' value (having the same functionality as before) but the user can specify `redact=YES` to redact the report (applying all terms in user company's redaction library to body and title) prior to submission.   
>     
>   - Fixes
>     - `trustar-get-phishing-submissions` and `trustar-get-phishing-indicators` were not working due to changes on TruSTAR's API. Phishing commands have been fixed and optional parameter `limit` has been added. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Integrations
##### TruSTAR v2
Added support for multiple new filtering arguments to the **trustar-search-indicators** and the **trustar-search-reports** commands.
Added optional argument *redact* to the **trustar-submit-report** command which gives users the possibility to redact a report before submission.
Fixed an issue where the  **trustar-get-phishing-submissions** and  the **trustar-get-phishing-indicators** did not work due to changes in the TruSTAR API.
Added support for *limit* argument in the **trustar-get-phishing-submissions** and  the **trustar-get-phishing-indicators**.
```
